Tweak Introduction (#288)
quicwg/ack-frequency: draft-ietf-quic-ack-frequency.md

# Introduction

The QUIC transport protocol recommends sending an ACK frame after receiving at
least two ack-eliciting packets; see {{Section 13.2 of QUIC-TRANSPORT}}.
However, this protocol leaves the data sender unable to indicate how frequently

> it would prefer the data receiver send acknowledgements in response to

Reviewer: I actually find the initial sentence better and clear because the point is it's after the data receivers decision when to send ACKs but it would be nice if the sender could give input.

Author: SG, I can revert this rewrite

> ack-eliciting packets. This document specifies an extension to QUIC enabling

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ack-eliciting packets. This document specifies an extension to QUIC that enables
```
This sentence is the same as in the abstract.

Author: Agreed, should we remove it?

Reviewer: No, we need to say this in the body as well (and I think it is actually good practice to repeat the same wording). See the RFC style guide section 4.3 (https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc7322.html#section-4.3):

>   Note
>   also that an Abstract is not a substitute for an Introduction; the
>   RFC should be self-contained as if there were no Abstract.

Author: Thanks, suggestion applied.

> QUIC enabling an endpoint to request its peer change its behavior when sending or

Author: ```suggestion
QUIC that enables an endpoint to request its peer change its behavior when sending or
```
